When the Linux Action Show, the longest running Linux podcast ended, Noah J. Chelliah, President of Altispeed Technologies an IT consulting company in rural North Dakota approached a local LPFM with an idea. A call in talk radio show that he would host focused on Linux and related open source technologies. In just a few short weeks the Ask Noah Show was born and had an air date but there was one big problem…
Noah still had his company to run, and that meant frequently being on the road or flights all over the country sometimes with little or no notice. That meant they needed a broadcast system that would fit in a carry on, low latency audio to facilitate the call ins, and (most importantly) reliable high quality audio.

“I knew I needed something that I could pull out and have up and running in 10 minutes. I knew what I wanted I just didn’t know if it existed. Then one day the answer fell into my lap. I was doing my day job, a hotel was facilitating another radio station’s talent to do a remote broadcast from the hotel. The station’s engineer sent me an email with the firewall and router modifications they wanted. As I watched how simply and effectively that radio host pulled his G3 out, plugged a headset in and went live in under 2 minutes I knew I had to learn more about Tieline. Later that night I was on my computer doing research about the company when I noticed a link to try the gear for FREE. Up until this point I had just assumed that the hardware IP codecs were the same as Ipdtl or SourceConnect now. I was wrong. I signed some paperwork and a few days later I had codecs in our studio, connected to our console, with our show going over it. I was sold instantly. I sent the audio sample to my producer and spent the next 15 minutes trying to convince him that yes, I was in fact not in the studio. I was remote. That’s what sold me. I’m a sucker for high quality, I can hear the quality difference between the Tieline system and the software codecs. It’s really a curse, once you hear how pristine the audio is from something like the Via. The truth is the purchase decision for an expensive piece of gear like that goes a lot further than just making a good product. Jacob patiently answered my numerous emails and phone calls. He and I must have gone through 10 different setup scenarios until I finally landed on the Via.”
A short time later Noah purchased the Tieline Via. Redundant Ethernet means when he’s at one of the many Linuxfests he attends and does broadcasts from there is never any concern about a reliable connection, and during the summer the wifi allows him to connect to a wifi hotspot and do the show from his RV at the lake instead of having to drive the 2.5 hours into the studio. The built in compressor and audio processing means his entire setup consists of a mic, a pair of headphones, and his via, in a Pelican 1510. 
After seeing Noah’s initial success with the Tieline IP Codec system KEQQ purchased a bridge IT Extra and a G2 commander for all their on air personalities to do remote broadcasts as well. The Ask Noah Show is now broadcast live from Altispeed Technologies in a studio that Noah and his team put together. The LPFM station purchased a Bridge-IT was now connects Noah’s studio to to the radio station. Noah still does about half of his broadcasts from the Via either on location or from his hotel room when he’s traveling. 
“My listeners have no idea if I’m remote unless I tell them! We actually have used headsets a few times just as a style thing so people can tell we are remote. My audience is a technically savvy crowd. You just can’t have the guy telling you what technology is best using second class gear to do the show” 

The Ask Noah Show airs every Monday at 6:00pm CST and is streamed live on the internet at asknoahshow.com. The show continues to grow but Noah says it would have likely never gotten off the ground if it weren't for his mobile broadcast kit with the Tieline Via at the heart.
